as we want to make network images. So network
images are images that are loaded while you are all
Usually I think in my experience, most of the
images you'll be using in your app are loaded this
way because you'll have an api request that has an
immature else and then you lose the image. So
in order to render images from Ural just this year
as an example. Um so I've got this image
from on splash, just a nice smoky background.
So let's add this as a background to our home
screen. So I got the home screen open.
I'm going to copy this Euro. All right.
So let's import image from react native. And I'm
going to start by just rendering it inside the container
as to image and source. Now, one thing
to note is that if you have in network images
, images where you are, you can't just do
this. This won't work. Source will have to
be an object and you pass in the U.
R. I. Which will be the image URL
from the web. Now, when I say this
, nothing actually renders. And that's because this image
isn't local. So IOS doesn't know how much space
to give it to render. So for images that
you render bar Euro, you always have to give
a with and or height. So if I do
style and just do with 100% and height 100.
Yeah. Actually let's just do height 100. Mhm
. Thank you. We got our image. Now
, what I would like to do is actually have
this image in the background so that our content is
over laid on the image. So what I would
like to do as a react development is basically just
do this and then move the mood picker inside it
. Now this won't work because the react native image
component doesn't allow you to put Children inside it.
So one way around it is to use an absolute
layout. So let's put the image first and then
move picker underneath it and that's yeah and they are
both wrapped inside a container and then let's wrap the
mood picker in a view and let's give this view
an absolute fill. So we want this view to
absolutely fill its content. So we'll do a style
and there is a convenience um style in style sheet
. So style sheet don't absolute film. So if
we look over this like look into it, it
actually just position absolute top zero, bottom zero left
, zero, right, zero. You don't have
to type it out. Cool. So let me
just remove this height And give this image a flex
one. Okay so interview that's around the mood picker
, we'll turn this into an array and we'll do
justify content santa. Cool. So now we have
a container and this is basically if you need to
display content over your image but you can't um like
give the image Children, this is the way you
do it. So you basically um wrap a container
around the image and then the content you want to
overlay then you give the image like render it the
site or whatever size you need which means that this
container will automatically be of that size and then,
so this is basically for the content we overlay.
Now if you add absolute feel here um which is
position absolute and then uh filling the whole container so
this will fill all of this container and then you
can add anything in here which will then be over
late on top of the image. So in react
native, if you don't want to do this there
is actually a component called background image, Our image
background, yes, call an image background which you
can use instead. So if instead of doing all
of this, can't you remove this and wrap this
whole thing into an image background to sauce it has
the same Api is the image of the source um
you're I in Majuro no this works as well but
if you actually look into the react native repository into
how image background is implemented is actually implemented exactly how
I just showed you. It just renders the image
component underneath and absolutely overlays the content. So why
did I even go through like showing you how to
do this well for production use, I don't personally
use the image component from react native, I think
a lot of people don't because it doesn't have,
it doesn't have a lot of capabilities in terms of
catching and performance. So usually there is a component
, there's a library called react native fast image which
is here and I think this is what most people
end up using in production. It's it's a little
bit, it has like, well it's very good
for lots of images. So if you have a
list with lots of images react directly damage component wouldn't
be able to handle this, especially on android.
And also it has some extra properties for cashing and
prioritization, which we want to priority. We have
lots of images to load and you want to prioritize
some images and not others, then you can use
that. And one of the reasons I wanted to
go through how to overlay content is because this fast
image, it doesn't allow you to have Children inside
either. So you would have to do the method
I showed you earlier. Alright. So lastly I
now feel like this little layout um it doesn't really
show the content very much. So I want to
add some capacity behind there just to make it popular
a bit more. So if we open our mood
picker and then go to where the container lives.
So here it is, let's give it a background
color of our db a 000. It's black and
no point to Okay, I think this looks a
little bit nicer. So you can definitely see where
the area for the content lives. And just a
quick note um so you can add R G B
A values for colors. So this is basically the
bread green and blue values and the north point to
is the A value or the opacity of the value
of the or the opacity. And the reason that
I'm doing this instead of using normal capacity. Yes
, if I did background color um 000 and then
capacity. No point to. Mhm. Then you
see the whole content will have this capacity and obviously
this is not what I want. I want just
the background to have this capacity and that's why in
this case I needed to use an RGB A value
instead. And lastly, if we find where the
heading text is. Um let's look at what the
type is, it's called, heading. Let's just
make this white. So color and theme color white
. Okay. I think now this matches our little
design.